Hi, I'm Philip Rice, McGraw-Hill Student Ambassador, and I'd like to take a moment to talk to you about a few things you're going to encounter in your new course.
As you can see, I've got a PowerPoint here. I'm going to run through that really quick, bring up to speed on a few items you're going to encounter.
And there's a few kind of best practices and tips at the end. But all these things are going to be things that you're going to encounter as a first-time Connect user.
So bear with me. I'll run right in it.
So here's our agenda.
First, I'll give you a little bit more about me.
What Connect is?
How do you register?
What are your purchase options?
Why use Connect?
And then we'll have a little kind of best practices at the end.
My name is Hope Rice.
I currently am attending Washington State University.
I'm getting my MBA.
And I've used Connect products quite a bit.
I went back at another AA and I transferred that to Wazoo.
And I've used it a bunch.
I've used it for, I think, five courses now.
And essentially it just saved me a 10
of time and I really believe in it and that's why I signed up to be a volunteer student
ambassador because I think that a good product should have good strong backing and I
want people to know how to use it and do well with it so what is connect let's
talk about that for just a second it's basically it's a program that allows you
to learn in an adaptive environment it adapts to your performance and it
tailors your training plan if you will so you can use your time most
effectively and if you use Connect as you can see on this slide you going to get statistically a better grade So that a really good thing right if you going to spend x amount of hours studying why not get a better grade um so basically if you can see these bullet points basically it helps you manage your time you can do it anywhere um it gives you feedback so it adapts to you and where you
you're you're supposed to stay organized all your stuff is right there in one area so it's a really cool program this is how you register um you're gonna you're gonna get from your syllabus usually
You're going to get a link. You follow that link. It's going to take you right to the product. You can register. If you haven't bought it at that point
It will give you some options of purchase and we'll go into that in a second
But if you have bought it you'll put in your registration code and you register for the course
I'll show you what that looks like. You'll see this screen right here you put your registration code in there and hit submit
If you need to buy it that's where you buy it and let's go
to your options so you got all kinds of options
right you can access an online and on your app and you can go in all digital
if you want you can go just to connect I personally like to have a book and a lot
of times your bookstore will have that bundle and that's a big savings you
can save sometimes it's more than a hundred dollars if you buy them together
so look in your bookstore and see if they have a bundle you can add on a loose
leaf so if you bought just the digital product you can have them out on that
loose leaf which means you can put it in a binder it's kind of
convenient.
You put that information in there And like this right here it says order loose leaf copy and say boom And that a great great option it cheaper cheaper than the traditional hardback but if you want the hardback you
can also you can see this option four over here you can go ahead and connect and get the bound
print package it probably cost you a little bit more if you're like me you like the hardback
i like having it and being able to refer back to it now i kind of already share my personal story
but essentially what Connect allows me to do is not waste my time.
I used to make flashcards, study questions.
I used to quiz myself endlessly.
I used to make all these myself.
But essentially what SmartBook does, it has a quizzing feature that allows you to not have to do that.
It quizzes you, and then it adapts you.
So if you're really strong in one point, I won't ask you those questions anymore,
and it'll keep asking you the questions that you're a little bit weak in.
So it's really great.
It's exactly what I used to do, only I don't have to make the questions now.
So that's my personal story and I really believe in it.
There's lots of information including this video you can go and you can find it on our YouTube channel.
I'm not going to go into that right now.
It's a little bit more information than I want to get into.
But the best practices are what I want to hit really quick.
Don't wait until the last minute.
What I recommend is just chip away at it, especially since you've got that quizzing feature.
It's going to quiz you and it's going to figure out where you're weak.
And then you can sign off and come right back in where you were.
And you can see they say that middle builder point there Spent a little time each day I do that I wake up before I got to go to work and I spend at least half an hour every day just chipping away at it Most days it on smart book Some days it on other stuff But I recommend you do that either way That a good practice But if you do it with a smart book it going to keep where you were It going to know exactly where you were weak and where you were strong None of that information is lost
And then there's some confidence questions at the bottom of each question.
It kind of asks you how strongly you know this. So you really know it, you kind of know it, or you're guessing.
I think there's four options. Be honest. Just be honest. You're not going to get great.
I haven't seen a course yet that grades you on it and you're going to give the smart book
algorithm the best information possible to quiz you with.
So do the best thing you can to just be honest with that.
It's going to really get you where you need to go and tailor your learning plan.
Now tech support, I can't stress this enough.
Your instructor is not really the tech guy.
Call tech support, use them.
They've been really helpful with me.
I've called them a couple times now and they've called me to get connected, especially when
your instructor doesn't choose to use connect.
you are using a McGraw-Hill book in a class you can still get Connect and I've had to go
through tech support and they'll set you up and you can definitely use it.
Definitely use them.
I mean you want to focus your instructor time on content rather than some tech issue that
your instructor may or may not have anything to do it.
So use this.
They've got lots of available hours in there.
Really good about getting back to email.
I've done that personally.
So those are my best practices, my recommendations.
I really appreciate your time and you know, use Connect.
There's a good product out there.
If you have any questions, hit our YouTube channel up.
Again, use tech support and reach out to us,
and we'll get back to you fairly quickly.
Thanks for your time.